README.md, before:

# Coding Challenges - JavaScript

* Pro-tip: add the VSCode extension, Quokka.js - this will update the result of your code in real time so you don't have to keep running it in the console
- To use: add the extension, while in file on Mac type cmd + shift + P, select "Quokka.js: Start on Current File"

This repo contains multiple files each containing a unique JavaScript coding challenge. I will update this repo with more challenges and ways to solve. If you think of another way to solve a challenge, please message or send a merge request.

## Challenges List:
- arrayOfNonRepeatingNumbersInRandomOrder.js - Create an array of random numbers that do not repeat and are ordered randomly.
- atLeastFive.js - Create a function that prints all numbers up to and including a given argument. No matter tha argument, the function should print each number up to and including 5.
- indicesOfNumsAddToTar.js - Given an array of integers nums and an integer target, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to target. You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution, and you may not use the same element twice. You can return the answer in any order.
- revStr.js - Write a function that takes in a string and outputs that same string, but reversed.
- twoNumSumTarget.js - Given an array of integers (nums) and an integer (target) return 2 numbers in the array that add up to the target.

Commit message:

atMostFive.js - Create a function that prints all numbers starting at 1 up to and including a given argument. If the given argument is greater than 5, only print up to and including 5.

README.md, after:

# Coding Challenges - JavaScript

* Pro-tip: add the VSCode extension, Quokka.js - this will update the result of your code in real time so you don't have to keep running it in the console
- To use: add the extension, while in file on Mac type cmd + shift + P, select "Quokka.js: Start on Current File"

This repo contains multiple files each containing a unique JavaScript coding challenge. I will update this repo with more challenges and ways to solve. If you think of another way to solve a challenge, please message or send a merge request.

## Challenges List:
- arrayOfNonRepeatingNumbersInRandomOrder.js - Create an array of random numbers that do not repeat and are ordered randomly.
- atLeastFive.js - Create a function that prints all numbers up to and including a given argument. No matter tha argument, the function should print each number up to and including 5.
- atMostFive.js - Create a function that prints all numbers starting at 1 up to and including a given argument. If the given argument is greater than 5, only print up to and including 5.
- indicesOfNumsAddToTar.js - Given an array of integers nums and an integer target, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to target. You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution, and you may not use the same element twice. You can return the answer in any order.
- revStr.js - Write a function that takes in a string and outputs that same string, but reversed.
- twoNumSumTarget.js - Given an array of integers (nums) and an integer (target) return 2 numbers in the array that add up to the target.
